<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<xhtml xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
       xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
       xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
       xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">
    <!-- adding a title to the page while making a call to the template to avoid repeating redundant coding -->
    <ui:composition template="template.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="title">Home</ui:define>
        <ui:define name="head">
            <!-- referencing the CSS file -->
            <link rel="stylesheet" href="resources/css/jsfcrud.css" />
        </ui:define>
        <!-- defining the content that will be used for the template -->
        <ui:define name="content">
            <div class="indented-header">
                <h1>Pantheon</h1>
            </div>
            <div class="indented">
               Greek mythology is foundational to ancient Greek religion and culture, showcasing the complex 
               interactions between gods and humans within its expansive pantheon and intricate stories. The mythology 
               centers around twelve key Olympian gods: Zeus, Poseidon, Hera, Demeter, Aphrodite, Athena, Artemis, Apollo,
               Ares, Hephaestus, Hermes, and Hestia—or Dionysus in some versions. These gods, residing on Mount Olympus, 
               are pivotal in mythology, shaping all facets of ancient life.
            </div>

            <div>
                <br />
                <br />
                <h:graphicImage library="images" name="12-gods.jpeg" style="width: 1100px; height:auto; margin-left: 200px;" />
                <br />
                <br />
            </div>

            <div class="indented">
                Our website goes into great detail on these Olympian gods. Each had its own functionaries: the Horae as attendants to Zeus, the Muses to Apollo, 
                Eilithyia and Hebe to Hera, the Erotes to Aphrodite, showing the configuration of divine power. 
                <br />
                <br />
               Furthermore, we explore the Titan gods, including the twelve Uranides—Cronus, Oceanus, Iapetus, Hyperion, Crius, Coeus, Rhea, Tethys, Theia, Phoebe, 
               Themis, and Mnemosyne—and the four Iapetionides: Atlas, Prometheus, Epimetheus, and Menoetius. These figures, along 
               with their progeny like the Hyperionides (Helius, Selene, and Eos), the Coeides (Leto, Asteria, and Hecate), and the 
               Creionides (Pallas, Astraeus, and Perses), create an extensive family tree central to many myths.
            </div>

            <div class="indented-header">
                <h1>The 12 Olympians</h1>
            </div>

            <div>
                <br />
                <h:graphicImage library="images" name="Family tree.png" style="width: 1100px; height: auto; margin-left: 200px;" />
            </div>

            <div class="indented">
                <br />
                <br />
                In addition to exploring these deities, our resources provide a clear depiction of the familial relationships 
                within the Olympian pantheon, such as the sibling connections between Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Hades, and Hestia, 
                and the offspring of these gods with other deities and mortals.
            </div>
            <br />
            <br />
            
            <div class="indented">
                We are committed to providing in-depth scholarly analysis, historical context, and a complete portrayal of Greek 
                mythology's enduring influence on literature and society. Join us to explore the deep-seated stories that have shaped 
                Western thought and continue to captivate scholars and enthusiasts globally.
            </div>
            <br />
            <br />
            <br />
            <br />
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
</xhtml>