<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<xhtml xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
       xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
       xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
       xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">
    <!-- adding a title to the page while making a call to the template to avoid repeating redundant coding -->
    <ui:composition template="template.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="title">Myths</ui:define>
        <ui:define name="head">
            <!-- referencing the CSS file -->
            <link rel="stylesheet" href="resources/css/jsfcrud.css" />
        </ui:define>
        <!-- defining the content that will be used for the template -->
        <ui:define name="content">
            <div class='indented-header'>
                <h1>
                    Myths
                </h1>
            </div>

            <div class='indented'>
                <h2>
                    Creation Myth
                </h2>

                <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start;">
                    <h:graphicImage library="images" name="creationMyth.jpg" style="width: 300px; height:auto; margin-right: 50px;"/>

                    At the origin there was Chaos, a primordial void from which the universe originated.
                    From Chaos, Gaia (Earth), Tartarus (The Underworld), Erebus(Darkness) and Nyx (Night) emerged.
                    Gaia then gave birth to Uranus (Sky), who became her consort.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    These two together, originated the first generation of divine beings called Titans. Among these were: 
                    Oceanus (The ocean), Hyperion (The sun), Cronus (Time), Rhea (Fertility), Themis(Justice), Mnemosyne(Memory) 
                    and others.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    Uranus, who feared the power of his children, decided to banish the Hecatoncheires (hundred-handed ones) and the Cyclopes 
                    (one-eyed giants) to Tartarus. After this, Gaia, angered by his decision, conspired with her son Cronus to overthrow Uranus.
                    Cronus, using a sickle, given to him by Gaia, castrated his father and usurped the throne becoming the ruler of the cosmos.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                </div>
                Cronus married his sister Rhea and she gave birth to the first generation of gods, including Zeus, Poseidon, Hades, Hera, Demeter,
                and Hestia. Cronus, fearing a prophecy that one of his children would defeat him in battle, swallowed each of his offspring upon their birth. 
                Rhea, grieving the loss of her children, saved her youngest son, Zeus, by hiding him on the island of Crete and giving Cronus a
                stone wrapped in swaddling clothes to swallow instead. Zeus was raised in secret and grew powerful enough to challenge his father.
                <br />
                <br />
                With the help of his siblings and the Cyclopes and Hecatoncheires he freed from Tartarus, Zeus moved war against Cronus and the Titans 
                in the Titanomachy. After an extenuating battle, Zeus and his triumphant allies, decided to cast the Titans into Tartarus.
                <br />
                <br />
                With the Titans vanquished, Zeus and his siblings became the rulers of the cosmos, establishing their residence on Mount Olympus. 
                Zeus became the king of the gods, ruling the sky and thunder. Poseidon reigned over the sea, while Hades ruled the underworld. From 
                Olympus, the Olympian gods governed the universe, maintaining order and balance according to Zeus's will.

                <br />
                <br />
            </div>


            <div class='indented'>
                <h2>
                    Hercules Myth
                </h2>
                <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start;">
                    <h:graphicImage library="images" name="hercules.jpg" style="width: 300px; height:auto; margin-right: 50px;"/>
                    Dwelling in the rough hills of ancient Greece was a hero—a mighty one, at that—son to the king of gods, Zeus, and a mortal woman, Alcmene, whom they named Hercules. Hercules had been said right from a very tender age to exhibit great power and courage up to the brink of a legendary hero.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    One day, when Hercules was journeying around, he saw a village being attacked by a marsh-dwelling monster. The Hydra is actually one disgusting serpent; it had several heads, but if one cut any off, others would appear in its place. The village, terrified and helpless, had been unable to defeat the Hydra, and its reign of terror seemed endless.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    Hercules looked at the faces of these poor and very poor people, swore that he must free them from such danger. With a big club and the skin of the Nemean Lion, which he had killed before, he really looked invincible. He came to the lair of the Hydra.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    As Hercules met with the Hydra, it snapped and hissed at him through its venomous heads. Hercules attacked with all his power, but when he smote the Hydra, instead of falling back, another one would rise up, until it seemed almost impossible.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    So then he realises it, he has such a great power, and it is just useless against so many heads. Of course, Hercules, calling on his usual trickery, summoned the help of his nephew Iolaus in cutting off the heads as quickly as they would grow. But before my very eyes, they are both going to plan together. When the Hydra's heads are smitten by Hercules with his club, Iolaus is going to cauterize the stumps with a firebrand, so they can't bud again.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                </div>
                In a fierce and protracted struggle together, Hercules and Iolaus worked, battling with the Hydra skill and resolve. They gave the beast unshaken resolution but offered it no ferocity.
                <br />
                <br />
                Finally, after a tiresome and long battle, Hercules dealt with the final blow to severe the last head of the Hydra and raised it triumphantly. The villager's enthusiasm knew no bounds, with Hydra subdued, and they acclaimed Hercules as their savior and hero.
                From that day forth, Hercules's fame spread far and wide, his name synonymous with heroism and valor. But even while basking in the adulation of the masses, he remained humble, for he knew that real greatness is not basked upon by victorious glory but by the courage one puts up in facing adversities with dignity and honor.    
                <br />
                <br />
            </div>


            <div class='indented'>
                <h2>
                    Underworld Myth
                </h2>
                <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start;">
                    <h:graphicImage library="images" name="horpheus.jpg" style="width: 300px; height:auto; margin-right: 60px;"/>
                    On the earth's bowels, below the living world, is a very gloomy and shadowy dim—"it's the Underworld." It falls under the reign of Hades, god of the dead, and filled with darkness and silence, where the soul journeys after death.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    The destiny to the Underworld, as foretold in ancient Greek mythology, was supposed to initiate already from the moment of demise, with Kharon, the grim and silent boatman ferrying the soul over the river Styx. And an obol, a small coin, has to be paid to Charon from the souls of the dead for passage to the kingdom of the dead.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    At the shore of the dark and gloomy Underworld, the souls meet Cerberus, the three-headed dog, who is quite frightful. His duty is to allow neither the living into the kingdom of the dead nor the exit of any soul that has entered.
                    <br />
                    <br />
                </div>
                Behind them is a huge realm of the Underworld, cut off into numerous districts. The first is the Fields of Asphodel, the place of eternal twilight, wherein are the habitations of the souls of the common dead. Here, the souls wander aimlessly, bereft of memory or purpose, their existence a pale shadow of their former lives.
                <br />
                <br />
                Farther below in the Underworld is the Elysian Field, a place of rest for heroes and heroic adventures only. Here, in peace and happiness, the souls live forever, among beautiful meadows and crystal-clean rivers free from the troubles and despair of mortal life.
                <br />
                <br />
                But even to the profound of the Underworld, there is a place of punishment and suffering. This is Tartarus, dark and gloomy with the blackness of darkness, where doom is decreed for the wicked, and wretches laid by the damned for sins. Here, the souls endure eternal torment, their cries echoing through the cavernous depths of the underworld.
                <br />
                <br />
                Despite its dark and foreboding nature, the Underworld is not without its myths and legends. Legend speaks of an exceptional musician, Orpheus, who once crossed down to the very bowels of the Underworld in an attempt to save from death his dear wife Eurydice. With his enchanting music, Orpheus charmed the guardians of the Underworld and won passage to the realm of the dead. Yet with all his effort, he did not succeed in saving Eurydice, for he looked back at Eryson with rank disobedience before they had reached the top, and so in that instant he had to abandon her for good in the infernal realms.
                <br />
                <br />
                <br />
                <br />
            </div>
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
</xhtml>
